readme.md, before:

![alt tag](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/32435667/38178909-0d3ff0b8-35ea-11e8-960a-346ee5d78db2.png)

![alt tag](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/32435667/38178911-26c74982-35ea-11e8-8636-27a35d036544.png)

Features required:

Login and Registration with validations. Validation errors should appear on the page. Logout feature.
Display of quotes on Quotable Quotes and Favorites (specific per logged user) area. Favorites area should vary its contents per user.
Adding of Quotes. Validation for empty entries should apply and should display error messages.
Updating of Quotable quotes and Favorites contents upon clicking the Add Quote/Add to My List/Remove from My List options. Quotes added to favorites should be removed from the all quotes section.
Remove a quote from the Favorites area and moving the quote back to Quotable Quotes area.
Individual user page which displays the quotes a particular user posted and the count of posts he/she made.
You must be able to deploy your work to Amazon EC2 and provide the IP address or subdomain/domain name to where your work has been deployed. Please note that Heroku deployment is not honored.

Commit message:

Deployed on AWS http://18.218.251.56/main
A Django project that utilties ORM to store different users' quotes to the app and are able to collect any favorite quotes to their list. They can also submit quotes and remove them from their list. Login and Registration included.

readme.md, after:

A Django project that utilties ORM to store different users' quotes to the app and are able to collect any favorite quotes to their list. They can also submit quotes and remove them from their list. Login and Registration included. The website was deployed to http://18.218.251.56/main

![alt tag](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/32435667/38178909-0d3ff0b8-35ea-11e8-960a-346ee5d78db2.png)

![alt tag](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/32435667/38178911-26c74982-35ea-11e8-8636-27a35d036544.png)

Features required:

Login and Registration with validations. Validation errors should appear on the page. Logout feature.
Display of quotes on Quotable Quotes and Favorites (specific per logged user) area. Favorites area should vary its contents per user.
Adding of Quotes. Validation for empty entries should apply and should display error messages.
Updating of Quotable quotes and Favorites contents upon clicking the Add Quote/Add to My List/Remove from My List options. Quotes added to favorites should be removed from the all quotes section.
Remove a quote from the Favorites area and moving the quote back to Quotable Quotes area.
Individual user page which displays the quotes a particular user posted and the count of posts he/she made.
You must be able to deploy your work to Amazon EC2 and provide the IP address or subdomain/domain name to where your work has been deployed. Please note that Heroku deployment is not honored.
